Does the policy allow loans to fund a new thermal coal mine?
Does the policy allow loans to fund expansion of an existing thermal coal mine?
Does the policy allow loans to extend the life of an existing thermal coal mine?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 5% of revenue comes from coal mining?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 15% of revenue comes from coal mining?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 25% of revenue comes from coal mining?
Is the policy currently phasing out exposure to clients involved in coal mining?
Does the policy allow loans to fund a new coal fired power plant?
Does the policy allow loans to fund expansion of an existing coal fired power plant?
Does the policy allow loans to extend the life of a coal fired power plant?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 5% of revenue comes from coal fired power plants?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 15% of revenue comes from coal fired power plants?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 25% of revenue comes from coal fired power plants?
Is the policy currently phasing out exposure to clients involved electricity generation with coal?
Does the policy allow loans to oil and gas projects that use hydraulic fracturing (fracking)?
Does the policy allow loans to oil and gas projects located the Amazon headwaters?
Would the policy allow loans to the Willow Project, located onshore in the far north of Alaska?
Would the policy allow loans to a shale oil project?
Would the policy allow loans to an oil sands project?
Does the policy allow loans to deepwater or ultra-deep water oil projects?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 5% of revenue comes from shale oil or oil sands projects?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 15% of revenue comes from shale oil or oil sands projects?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 25% of revenue comes from shale oil or oil sands projects?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 35% of revenue comes from shale oil or oil sands projects?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 5% of revenue comes from Arctic oil and gas exploration?
Does the policy allow loans to a company where more than 5% of revenue comes from deepwater oil and gas exploration?
Does the policy allow financing of new (greenfield) oil and gas extraction?
Does the policy allow financing to expand existing (brownfield) oil and gas extraction?
Does the policy allow financing of oil refining projects?
Does the conventional oil and gas policy apply different rules between oil and natural gas?
Does the policy allow financing of companies engaged in new (greenfield) oil and gas extraction?
Does the policy allow financing of companies expanding existing (brownfield) oil and gas extraction?
Does the policy allow financing of companies expanding oil refineries?
Does the conventional oil and gas policy have a defined exceptions mechanism?
Does the policy allow financing of a pipeline supporting shale oil extraction?
Does the policy allow financing of a pipeline to greenfield oil extraction sites?