Our approach to
Sustainability
Version 10 March 2021

TLIM
1 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

1. Purpose
At Triodos Investment Management (“Triodos IM”), we believe how we invest defines the world we want to
live in, recognising the instrumental role and creative power of capital when used consciously. As a financial
institution, we use money as a driving force towards a society and economy that is humane, ecologically
balanced and works for the benefit of all. For more than 30 years, we have offered impact investment
solutions that connect investors who want to make money work for positive change with innovative
entrepreneurs and sustainable businesses doing just that.
This document explains the Triodos approach to sustainability, including sustainability risks, as required
in article 3 of the European Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR). As Triodos IM’s approach
to sustainability goes beyond article 3 of the SFDR, we elaborate how we have integrated sustainability in
every step of our investment process, throughout our organisation and how we manage sustainability risks.

2 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

2. Introduction to this document and definitions
2.1

This document
This document contains the following:
• Section 1: Purpose
• Section 2: Introduction to this document and definitions
- 2.1 This document
- 2.2 Definitions
• Section 3: Who are we
• Section 4: Our Business Principles
• Section 5: Our approach to Sustainability
• Section 6: Inside Out lens: Sustainability Impact
- 6.1 Optimise positive impact
- 6.2 Minimise negative impact
• Section 7: Outside In lens: Impact of sustainability factors
- 7.1 Sustainability risks
• Section 8: Our investment process
- 8.1 Impact Equities & Bond
- 8.2 Impact Private Debt & Equity
• Section 9: Our Risk Management Framework
- 9.1 Three lines of defence
- 9.2 Risk Taxonomy Framework
- 9.3 Assessment of sustainability risks

2.2 Definitions
For this document, the following definitions apply:
• ‘SFDR’ – Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019
on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector, as amended from time to time;
• ‘Taxonomy’ – Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended from time to time;
• ‘sustainable investment’ means an investment in an economic activity that contributes to an
environmental objective, as measured, for example, by key resource efficiency indicators on the use of
energy, renewable energy, raw materials, water and land, on the production of waste, and greenhouse
gas emissions, or on its impact on biodiversity and the circular economy, or an investment in an economic
activity that contributes to a social objective, in particular an investment that contributes to tackling
inequality or that fosters social cohesion, social integration and labour relations, or an investment in
human capital or economically or socially disadvantaged communities, provided that such investments
do not significantly harm any of those objectives and that the investee companies follow good governance
practices, in particular with respect to sound management structures, employee relations, remuneration
of staff and tax compliance, as in article 2 (17) SFDR;
• ‘sustainability factors’ means environmental, social and employee matters, respect for human rights,
anti-corruption and anti-bribery matters, as in article 2 (24) SFDR;
• ‘sustainability risk’ means an environmental, social or governance event or condition that, if it occurs,
could cause an actual or potential material negative impact on the value of the investment, as in article 2
(22) SFDR;
• ‘physical/societal risks’: a physical or societal event or condition that could cause an actual or a
potential material negative impact on the value of the investment because of damage, supply chain/social
disruption, availability of resources (sick leave, depletion of natural resources), etc. These risks can occur
event-driven (acute) or because of longer-term shifts in patterns (chronic);
• ‘transition risks’: risks resulting from required/desired changes from a societal perspective. This could
occur because of policy or legal changes (including litigation claims), technology developments, market
shifts or reputation issues because of changing customer or community perception;
• ‘Inside Out’: the impact of our organisation and investments on the sustainability factors as in the outside
world;

3 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

• ‘Outside In’: the impact of sustainability factors as in the outside world on our organisation and
investments;
• ‘impact’: the effect that our organisation and investments have on the sustainability factors as in the
outside world;
• ‘positive impact’: impact that contributes to a society that is humane, ecologically balanced and works
for the benefit of all;
• ‘negative impact’: impact that opposes a society that is humane, ecologically balanced and works for the
benefit of all
• ‘Triodos Investment Management’ or ‘Triodos IM’: Triodos Investment Management B.V., a private limited
liability company incorporated in the Netherlands, with its registered office at Nieuweroordweg 1,
NL-3704-EC Zeist, the Netherlands, and licensed as (UCITS) Management Company as well as Alternative
Investment Fund Manager (AIFM) by the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM);
• ‘funds’: the collective investment funds (UCITS or AIFs) managed by Triodos IM

4 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

3. Who we are
Triodos IM is a globally active impact investor. Our mission is
to make money work for positive change, while generating a
balanced return. We manage direct investments in areas such
as renewable energy, organic food and microfinance. We also
invest in listed securities of companies and bond issuers that
contribute to a transition to a more sustainable economy.

Impact

Triodos IM is part of Triodos Bank NV (“Triodos Bank”), one of
the leading sustainable banks in the world and the co-founder
of the Global Alliance for Banking on Values (GABV). All
investment strategies and all assets under management
actively engage for positive change in society, combined with
a financial return.
Triodos IM’s investment philosophy is based on the belief
that in the long term, the most successful businesses will
be those that achieve the right balance between their social,
environmental and economic performance, balancing risk,
return and impact.

Impact
investing

Return

More information about Triodos IM is available on: https://www.triodos-im.com/about-us

5 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Risk

4. Our Business Principles
In addition to the broad vision that underpins our business, we have a number of Business Principles that
guide and support our day-to-day decision-making. We are dedicated to making a positive impact on the
world and to lead by example. The business ethics and values are described in our Business Principles, see:
https://www.triodos.com/governance#principles
The following Business Principles, Triodos IM is committed to, specifically relate to sustainability:
• Promoting sustainable development: considering the social, environmental and financial impacts of
everything we do;
• Respecting human rights: respecting the rights of individuals, and within different societies and cultures,
supporting the aims of the United Nation’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights;
• Respecting the environment: doing all we can to create and encourage positive environmental impacts.

6 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

5. Our approach to Sustainability
To adhere to our mission of making money work for positive change, while generating a balanced return, we
separate two sustainability impact lenses:
• Inside Out: the impact of our organisation and investments on the sustainability factors as in the outside
world, resulting in positive or negative impact (see Section 6)
• Outside In: the impact of sustainability factors as in the outside world on our organisation and
investments, resulting in sustainability risks such as physical/societal and transition risks (see Section 7)
Triodos IM approach to Sustainability

Positive & negative
impact
Inside Out
Investments

Sustainability
factors in the
outside world
Outside In

Physical/societal
& transition risks

7 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

6. Inside Out lens: Our Sustainability Impact
Our mission is to make money work for positive societal and environmental change. All investments made by
Triodos IM are carefully screened on sustainability factors and are linked to positive investment impacts and
indicators to ensure that our investments contribute to positive change.
Triodos IM has published its ‘Principal Adverse Sustainability Impacts Statement’ (‘Statement’) on the
Triodos IM website, as required by article 4 of the SFDR. The Statement provides information on the principal
sustainability indicators Triodos IM considers in its investment decisions.
As Triodos IM’s approach to sustainability impact is broader than the Statement, we apply the “inside-out
lens” in order to elaborate on the actual investment process that Triodos IM applies to its investments. We
explain how we optimise positive impact and minimise negative impact.

6.1

Optimise positive impact
We have developed a wide range of investment products to give investors the opportunity to build a portfolio
across all asset classes where 100% of the assets can be committed to positive social and/or environmental
impact. To explain our approach to optimise positive impact, we distinguish between two sets of investment
products that Triodos IM manages:
• Impact Equities & Bonds: Triodos IM invests in listed securities of companies and bond issuers that
contribute to a transition to a more sustainable economy.
• Impact Private Debt & Equity: Triodos IM invests in private sustainable companies and projects across
the themes Energy and Climate, Sustainable Food and Agriculture and Financial Inclusion.
Impact Equities & Bonds
As an investor in global listed securities, Triodos IM aims to serve as a catalyst in the transition to a
sustainable economy and society. We have defined and invest in seven themes that are instrumental
in the transition toward a sustainable economy. Therefore, the themes are very much aligned to the UN
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our themes have been derived from global mega-trends that we
believe will shape the future. The seven transition teams are presented in the figure below. We generate
positive impact by investing in listed companies that support sustainable solutions and by being active
stewards of the planet and society. We elaborate on impact investing through listed equities and bonds in a
separate whitepaper.

Seven transition themes of Impact Equities & Bonds

8 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Triodos IM’s in-house research guides this process by developing comprehensive opinions of each individual
company’s long-term commitment to sustainability and material contribution to the transition themes.
More information about how sustainability factors are integrated in the investment process of our listed
investments is available in The Triodos approach to investments on stock and bond markets.
Impact Private Debt & Equity
Access to private debt and equity instruments is key for entrepreneurs and businesses to enable
them to add and create real value that benefits society as a whole. Within our Impact Private Debt &
Equity activities, we manage investment funds across three strategic investment themes. We provide
entrepreneurs and businesses with capital, expertise and the network to create positive impact within these
themes, which are presented in the next overview.

Energy and Climate
Transforming the energy
system and lower carbon
emissions
Impact Private Debt & Equity

Financial inclusion
Bringing people into the
financial system and providing
access to basic needs
Impact Private Debt & Equity

Sustainable Food and Agriculture
Creating an ecologically
and socially sound food
and agricultural system
Impact Private Debt & Equity

We provide investors with opportunities to invest directly in
the energy transition and system transformation through
funds that finance renewable energy, stimulate more
efficient use, and improve access to energy. All of which aim
to ensure an affordable and reliable supply of clean energy.
For more information read our vision paper ‘Towards a low
carbon economy’.

We finance values-based organisations in Asia, Africa,
Latin America and Eastern Europe that use financial
services to deliver sustainable economic, social and
environmental development, thereby serving the real
economy and meeting the needs of underserved
populations.

We aim to accelerate the transition to a sustainable food and
agricultural system that produces healthy food for all, while
respecting the limits of our planet and paying farmers fairly.
Our investment funds offer a range of financial instruments
to companies active across the international supply chain
that demonstrate a deep-rooted commitment to
environmental and social performance. For more information
read our vision paper ‘Towards an ecologically and socially
resilient food system’.

6.2 Minimise negative impact
As a ‘pure play’ impact investor, we exclusively provide investment solutions that address social and
environmental challenges and contribute to positive change. However, some of the resources, practices,
and products that companies use, execute, manufacture or sell, are irreconcilable with our positive
impact ambitions and our values. To assure that investments are aligned with Triodos IM’ values and to
minimise potential negative impact, Triodos IM applies strict Minimum Standards to its investments (either
directly or integrated in a fund-specific policy / procedure). These Triodos Minimum Standards (‘Minimum
Standards’) are designed to ensure that companies and/or projects are excluded when they significantly
harm environmental and/or social objectives and/or do not follow good governance practices, which Triodos
IM defines as:

9 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

• hamper human dignity and deny people’s quality of life
• jeopardize a sustainable society with respect to the animal world and environment
• violate good corporate governance structures.
Please read our ‘Triodos Minimum Standards’ for details of the products, processes and the precautionary
principles.
Since Triodos IM considers principal adverse impacts of its investment decisions on sustainability factors,
Triodos IM has published its ‘Principal Adverse Sustainability Impacts Statement’ (‘Statement’) on the
Triodos IM website.

10

Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

7. Outside In: Impact of sustainability factors and risks
Beyond minimising negative impact and optimizing positive impact, Triodos IM also assesses the impact
of sustainability factors as in the outside world on our organisation and investments, resulting in potential
sustainability risks such as physical/societal and transition risks. All investments made by Triodos IM
are carefully screened against relevant sustainability factors, and include as such an assessment on the
relevant sustainability risks.
The inside-out and outside-in approach are interlinked: both the positive selection approach and the use
of Minimum Standards minimise the risk of potential environmental, social or governance (ESG) events
or conditions that may cause an actual or a potential materially negative impact on the value of the
investments (so-called sustainability risks). Therefore, we believe that the likely impact of sustainability
risks on the returns of Triodos’ investments is limited. It is our conviction that in the long-term sustainable
investments offer more stable and higher risk-adjusted financial returns than non-sustainable investments.
However, sustainability risks are complex and can occur in a manner that cannot reasonably be anticipated
by Triodos IM, resulting in an unforeseen actual or potential material negative impact on the value of an
investment.

7.1

Sustainability risks
To define relevant environmental, social and governance events or conditions which could cause a potential
material impact on the value of the investment, Triodos IM uses sustainability (ESG) factors that could
result in these sustainability risks, as in either physical/societal risks or transition risks. With physical/
societal risks we mean a physical or societal event or condition that could cause an actual or a potential
material negative impact on the value of the investment because of damage, supply chain/social disruption,
availability of resources (sick leave, depletion of natural resources), etc. These risks can occur event-driven
(acute) or because of longer-term shifts in patterns (chronic). Transition risks are risks resulting from
required/desired changes from a societal perspective. This could occur because of policy or legal changes
(including litigation claims), technological developments, market shifts or reputation issues because of
changing customer or community perception. The sustainability (ESG) factors that Triodos IM currently
considers are:

Environment

Social

Governance

Climate change

Human rights

Business ethics

Biodiversity

Labour practices

Natural resources

(Data) privacy

Corruption & political
instability

Pollution & waste

Diversity & inclusion

Animals

Inequality

Fair taxes

Health & safety

It should be noted that for different strategies and assets, sustainability factors differ in terms of relevance.
Evidently, sustainability risks can vary from investment to investment, as can the impact of a sustainability
risks on the return of that investment. Within the governance of risk management, the assessment of
sustainability risks in the investment process lies primarily in the first line of defence, being the fund- and
investment managers.

11 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

8. Our investment decision-making process
This section provides information on how sustainability risks are integrated in the investment
decision-making processes. For each investment strategy Triodos IM uses a tailored approach. We separate
the investment decision making process for Impact Equities & Bonds and Impact Private Debt & Equity.
Before we describe the investment process of IE&B and IPD&E we first describe the general starting points
of our investment process.
It is our conviction that in the long term, sustainable investments offer more stable returns than
non-sustainable investments. All investments are aimed to be allocated to sustainable investments. All
investments are monitored for compliance to the positive selection and the negative screening criteria (as
described in Section 6) to make sure they do not significantly harm the sustainable investment objective of
the funds. In case of concerns, dialogue will be initiated and if this is deemed unsuccessful the relationship
may be discontinued.
Applying both the positive selection and the negative screening criteria also comprise assesssing and
minimising risks of potential environmental, social or governance events or conditions that may cause an
actual or a potential material negative impact on the value of the investments (so-called sustainability
risks).
However, sustainability risks are complex and require subjective judgement. A comprehensive assessment
of sustainability risks requires a judgement call on both the qualitative measures a company has taken as
well as on its quantitative measures. To the extent that a sustainability risk occurs, or occurs in a manner
that cannot reasonably be anticipated by the Fund Manager, there may be an unforeseen actual or potential
material negative impact on the value of an investment, hence on the Net Asset Value of the fund. We
believe that the likely impact of sustainability risks on the returns of the fund is limited, given the integrated
assessment of sustainability risks in our investment process.

8.1

Impact Equities & Bonds
Embedding sustainability in the Impact Equities & Bonds Funds’ investment process consists of the
following steps:
Sustainability
analysis of the
company

Integrated
analysis

Investment
decision &
Portfolio
construction

Engagement &
Monitoring

Reporting

Sustainability analysis of the company
The mission and strategy of the company is screened to ensure it contributes to one or more of the transition
themes and that it meets our strict Minimum Standards.
Triodos IM applies two sustainability selection approaches in assessing potential investees which includes
assessment on relevant sustainability risks:
• Step 1: Positive screening: potential investees are screened to align with the positive impact goals of the
fund, taking relevant sustainability indicators into account.
• Step 2: Negative screening: to ensure that the fund does not finance companies or projects that are
engaged in harmful activities, in addition to the positive screening, companies also have to pass the
negative screening. The negative screening entails applying the Triodos Minimum Standards.
Potential investments that do not comply with the investment criteria as stated in step 1 and 2 are excluded.
Both the positive selection and the negative screening criteria minimise the risk of potential environmental,
social or governance events or conditions that may cause an actual or a potential material negative impact
on the value of the investments (so-called sustainability risks).

12 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Integrated analysis
Companies that comply with the investment criteria undergo an integrated financial and sustainability
analysis. The analysis focuses on impact, sustainability and materiality. In this process we identify a
company’s financial value drivers and evaluate/model the interplay between financials and sustainability.
Investment decision & Portfolio construction
The actual portfolio construction is based on a comprehensive risk and return analysis. Based on a
long-term investment horizon, our investment approach results in concentrated portfolios with a low
turnover. Weights are a function of factors such as upside potential (valuation), earnings and stock price
momentum, portfolio manager conviction, liquidity, risk, requirements & limits etc.
Engagement & Monitoring
Companies eligible for investment are carefully monitored to ensure that they continue to meet our
investment criteria, also on sustainability indicators which includes assessment on sustainability risks.
Engagement with investee companies is one of the cornerstones of our investment strategy. It includes an
active dialogue with companies, voting for change and shareholder collaboration.
Reporting
To live up its commitment as a responsible and transparent investor, Triodos IM regularly publishes
information on the funds’ investment activities in monthly, quarterly and annual reports. In order to measure
the attainment of its sustainable investment objective, the funds report on impact indicators.

8.2 Impact Private Debt & Equity
Embedding sustainability in the Impact Private Debt & Equity Funds’ investment process consists of the
following steps:
Deal sourcing
& Screening

Due diligence

Investment
decision

Signing &
Closing

Monitoring

Reporting

Deal sourcing & Screening
The mission and strategy of the potential investees is screened to ensure alignment with the vision
and mission of the fund. All investments are assessed on an individual basis. Triodos IM applies two
sustainability selection approaches in assessing potential investees which includes assessment on relevant
sustainability risks:
• Step 1: Positive screening: potential investees are screened to align with the positive impact goals of the
fund, taking relevant sustainability indicators into account.
• Step 2: Negative screening: to ensure that the fund does not finance companies or projects that are
engaged in harmful activities, in addition to the positive screening, companies also have to pass the
negative screening. The negative screening entails applying the Triodos Minimum Standards, either
directly or integrated in a fund-specific policy. When adherence to the Minimum Standards does not
logically follow from the defined investment scope in the positive screening of the funds, the principles of
the Minimum Standards are applied as per the discretion of Triodos IM as fund manager.
Potential investments that do not comply with the investment criteria as stated in step 1 and 2 are excluded.
Both the positive selection and the negative screening criteria minimise the risk of potential environmental,
social or governance events or conditions that may cause an actual or a potential material negative impact
on the value of the investments (so-called sustainability risks).

13 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Due diligence
Triodos IM performs an in-depth and risk-based analysis (including relevant sustainability risks) of the
potential investee during the due diligence phase, preferably on-site. In addition to financial and risk
analysis, the sustainability approach of the potential investee is assessed.
Investment decision
The investment decision of the Fund Management is based on a thorough assessment of the due diligence’s
findings and analyses of the investee’s financial, risk and sustainability performance aspects.
Signing & Closing
Inclusion in and adherence to certain fund-specific sustainability standards and/or exclusion lists is
standard part of documentation (e.g. loan agreements, shareholder agreements).
Monitoring
Investees report on impact indicators on a regular basis, together with their financials. The impact
indicators relate to the type of products or services offered, the sectors in which the investees are active,
and certain criteria from the negative screening (e.g. for our financial inclusion funds, we monitor exposure
to sensitive sectors).
Reporting
To live up its commitment as a responsible and transparent investor, Triodos IM regularly publishes
information on the funds’ investment activities in quarterly and annual reports. In order to measure the
attainment of its sustainable investment objective, the funds report on impact indicators.

14 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

9. Our Risk Management framework
Our investment teams evaluate companies and projects through an Impact-Risk-Return lens. Just as we
assess prospective investments for the risk that it is not able to achieve its expected financial return,
we also assess whether the investment is able to achieve its expected positive impact. The inclusion of
sustainability (ESG) factors into our investment process enables us to effectively assess and evaluate risks
and opportunities beyond traditional risk management procedures.

9.1

Three lines of defence
Triodos IM manages its funds using a three lines of defence model. This way of working ensures that
co-workers in all functions within the organisation need to be fully aware of their responsibilities in the
management of risk, whether they operate in a commercial, an operational or a control role. It ensures a
segregating of responsibilities, and the realization that all co-workers have a role to play in managing the
risk of Triodos IM funds. The following structure is applied:
• 1st line: risk management is a primary task for the first line of defence and is integrally implemented in
the day-to-day business (business owners). Controls that are implemented in the organisation are part
of the first line. For fund management activities, this implies the setting of risk limits in line with the risk
management policies, maintaining these limits, and managing potential breaches.
• 2nd line: a second line of defence is tasked with: (i) setting and implementing policies regarding
risk management, (ii) acting as an advisor to the organisation on topics that are risk related, and (iii)
monitoring the effective management of risks. The second line of defence is organized independently
from the first line to prevent potential conflicts of interests.
• 3rd line: Triodos Group Audit is responsible to test whether the risk management process in the first and
second line operates effectively and whether the interaction between first and second line is according to
standards.

9.2 Risk Taxonomy Framework
Within our Risk Taxonomy Framework, we identify risk categories and risk types as shown in the overview
below. Given the importance of sustainability risks on financial risks and in alignment with the AIFMD and
UCITSD, we have included sustainability risk as one of the financial risks in our Risk Taxonomy.
Triodos Risk Taxonomy Framework

Overview
of Risks

Risk
Categories

Risk Types

Enterprise
Risk

Strategic
Risk

Reputational
Risk

NonFinancial
Risk

Operational
Risk

Compliance
Risk

Financial
Risk

Credit
Risk

Liquidity
Risk

Market
Risk

15 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Sustainability
Risk

The Impact & Financial Risk Committee (IFRC) is mandated with the governance of all financial risks,
including sustainability risks as indicated in the Risk Taxonomy Framework. In the IFRC both the impact
and the financial risks of investment funds are discussed and taken into account in the monitoring and
decision-making process.

9.3 Assessment of sustainability risks
The assessment of sustainability risks in the investment process (as described in chapter 8) lies primarily in
the first line of defence. The sustainability factors and risk types mentioned in chapter 7 serve as a guidance
to the first line of defence to perform a risk-based assessment of the individual investment. It should be
noted that for different strategies and assets, sustainability factors can differ in relevance. Evidently,
sustainability risks can vary from investment to investment, as can the impact of a sustainability risk on the
return of that investment. Not all factors and risk types are necessarily assessed for each investment; it is
up to the discretion of the first line of defence to assess those that are deemed most relevant.

16 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

Disclaimer
The Triodos sustainability documents are developed for proprietary use. Third parties or stakeholders
have no right to rely on our documents, nor do we accept any duty of care or liability in relation to our
interpretation and application of them. In particular, it is important to understand that, while Triodos IM
seeks to ensure that customers / investment companies meet these documents, it has no control over the
actions of its customers / investment companies. Nevertheless, if we discover that a customer/ investment
company is outside our policies, we will request that it remedies the situation within reasonable time and we
will close the relationship unless satisfactory action is taken. In this process, Triodos IM uses independent
information where available but also uses its judgment as necessary.
The information in this 10th March 2021 version of ‘Triodos approach to Sustainability’ was developed
in view of compliance with the SFDR requirements as applicable as of 10th March 2021, which are the
requirements of Regulation EU/2019/2088 itself (Level 1). It should be noted that (draft) requirements as in
the final RTS for Level 2, which were recently published on the 2nd February 2021, are not yet incorporated in
this version – but will be incorporated in (a) next version(s) of this document if and when these requirements
are finalised and become applicable.

Triodos Investment Management
Landgoed De Reehorst
Hoofdstraat 10
3972 LA Driebergen-Rijsenburg
The Netherlands
Tel: +31 (0) 30 693 65 00

TLIM
#### ####

17 Triodos Investment Management Our approach to Sustainability · Version 10 March 2021

